Q: What is 'Mario & Luigi: Brothership'?
A: 'Mario & Luigi: Brothership' is a role playing game focused on nintendo's famous icon's, which are Mario and luigi.

Q: Is Starlow in this game?
A: While Starlow is in this game, she does not accompany Mario and Luigi on their adventure, and instead stays alongside Peach.

Q: Who is Connie?
A: Connie is a wattanist - the game's version of a botanist - who take care of the Uni-Tree 

Q: What is Shipshape Island?
A: Shipshape Island is the main hub area of the game. Here, you buy items, gear, accessories, and restore your HP and BP. 

Q: What is Rumbla Island?
A: Rumbla island is home to many sculpters, with thier main cheif being cheif Willma. 

Q: What is Twistee Island?
A: Twistee Island is home to the great Twisten Sprout, whcih thrives on dancing and grooving. 

Q: What is RaynForst Island?
A: RaynForst Island is an island with a big rain forest, and on this island, you save a few toads the ended up here after getting flung from the Mushroom Kingdom.

Q: What is Merrygo Island?
A: Merrygo Island is and island with the main focus being a circular maze that you can rotate and traverse through. 

Q: Where do you find Princess Peach?
A: After navigating through the maze on Merrygo Island, you reunite with Princess Peach and bring her back to Shipshape.

Q: Where do you find Willma's daughter?
A: Ypu end up finding Willma's daughter Maykit on Twistee island, after restoring the Twistee tree.

Q: What is the big cannon on Shipshape island for?
A: The big cannon can be used to look at reefs, shoot to nearby islets, and shoot to drifting islands.

Q: How many reefs are in the the game?
A: There are 20 reefs in the game, with all of them in some way referencing previous Mario & Luigi games.

Q: How do you move between linked islands?
A: There is a pipe on Shipshape that lets you select which linked Island you want to go to, along with a golden pipe that can be used on linked islands for fast travel.

Q: Who is the main antagonist of the game?
A: The main antagonist of the game is Zokket, who is really a corrupted Cozette. A.K.A., Connie's mentor.

Q: Who are the main antagonist's lackeys?
A: The three lackeys of the main antagonist are a group of three that call themselves the Extension Corps.

Q: How many Bros. Attacks are in the game?
A: There are 10 bros attacks in Mario & Luigi: Brothership.

Q: What are battle plugs?
A: Battle plugs are implemented into the battle system which either boost the bros during battle, making fights a lot easier.

Q: Can you combine certain battle plugs?
A: Certain battle plugs can be combined to create combos, making thier effects even stronger.

Q: How do you use the green shell?
A: Press A and B to kick the shell around with Mario and Luigi. Once Luigi kicks it for the last time, it sweeps across the screen hitting all enemies.

Q: How do you use the red shell?
A: Like the green shell, press A and B accordingly between Mario and Luigi. When mario kicks it for the last time, it lands a powerful blow on one enemy.

Q: how do you use the Zapperator?
A: Alternate pressing A and B as fast as you can, and when the thundercloud grows big enough, press X to deal damage to all enemies. Take too long and the attack will fail.

Q: How do you use Hatch Me If You Can?
A: Press A or B when the egg falls down. Press the button opposite form the button you first pressed, and when the egg flys up, aim with the left stick then spike the egg with both bros by pressing X.

Q: How do you use the Jump Helmet?
A: Move left and right with the left stick to position yourslef under Luigi, and press B when he lands on the helmet. After five bounces, press B when Luigi lannds on the enemy to deal massive damage.

Q: How do you use Bomb Derby?
A: Toss bombs with Luigi with the left stick to Mario, and press A with Mario to hit the bombs at the enemeis. Hit all 12 bombs fast enough to deal lots of damage.

Q: How do you use Clockout Blow?
A: Press A or B with the corresponding bro to swing thier hammers as they zoom around at warp speed, then for the final hit, press X.

Q: How do you use Yoo-Who Cannon?
A: Memorize the positions of Mario and Luigi in the 9 barrels, and press A or B when that barrel float up. Press X for the final hit to shoot out a giant bros ball that hits all enemies.

Q: How do you use Max-Mix Vortex?
A: Press A and B to toss fireballs and iceballs into the vortex. Then move it around with the left stick to sweep up enemies, than mash X to deal damage.

Q: How do you use Conductor Conductor?
A: Aim Mario at the satellites with the left stick to build up the conductor's power. Then aim the beam at the enemies with the left stick, and press X when both cursors overlap.

Q: Where do you get Max-Mix Vortex?
A: You get Max-Mix Vortex after getting Chilliam and Burnadette's bond.

Q: Where do you get Conductor Conductor?
A: After finding out where to get the last bond for the watering can, the conductor gives you this bros. attack to call him into battle any time.

Q: What is Luigi Logic?
A: Luigi Logic is an ability Luigi gets that allows him to do certian things in the area, or use in boss battles to do massive damage.

Q: How many level-up ranks are there?
A: Their are 5 rank ups in the game. It goes from Shell, then Bommerang, then Leaf, then Star, and lastly Rainbow rank.

Q: Who is the final boss?
A: the final boss of the game is Reclusa, the originator of the glohm energy.

Q: What is glohm?
A: Glohm is an energy that causes people to think sad or self-isolating thoughts. It is also a status effect in battle that can be inflicted on the bros, stopping them from working together in battle.

Q: What does an Ampberry do?
A: An Ampberry can be used in battle to cure Mario or Luigi if they'ved been affected with glohm.

Q: What does a refreshing herb do?
A: A refreshing herb cures all status ailments. 

Q: What does a mushroom do?
A: A mushroom is an item can be used to restore Mario or Luigi's HP.

Q: What does a nut do?
A: A nut works just like a mushroom, but heals both brothers at the same time.

Q: What does a candy do?
A: A candy is an item that restores a certain amount of HP and BP to either Mario or Luigi.

Q: What do beans do?
A: Beans are items that permantly raise one of the bros' stats by a few points.

Q: Can a refreshing herb cure glohm?
A: Yes, it can. But it only has a 50% chance of doing so.

Q: What happens if one of the bros gets KO'd?
A: If one of the bros fall in battle, the other bros has to carry the fallen bro, making counter attacking and dodging attacks much harder.

Q: What happens if both bros get KO'd?
A: If both bros fall in battle, it's a game over. No exceptions.

Q: What does a 1-up Mushroom do?
A: A 1-up mushroom brings back a fallen bro in battle.

Q: How many status effetcs are in the game?
A: There are 5 status effects in the game. They are burn, freeze, dizzy, trip, and glohm.

Q: What does increasing your stache do?
A: Increasing your stache ups the chance of landing lucky hits in battle, whcih do more damage.

Q: What happens when you rank up?
A: When you rank up, you get to choose an ability that makes that specific bro stronger. You wont get to choose all of them.

Q: What is Connectar?
A: Connectar is produced by the Uni-tree, which helps power Concordia.

Q: How do you make battle plugs?
A: By collecting Sprite Bulbs, you can use thier energy to craft battle plugs of your choice.

Q: How do you sail Shipshape Island?
A: By using the ocean map, select the current you wish to sail to and Shipshape will move there automatically.
